fix(curriculum): Fix typography in "Set a Domain and a Range on a Scale" (#39259)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/04-data-visualization/data-visualization-with-d3/set-a-domain-and-a-range-on-a-scale.english.md

## Description
<section id='description'>

> By default, scales use the identity relationship&mdash;the input value maps to the output value. But scales can be much more flexible and interesting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, scales use the identity relationship &mdash; the input value maps to the output value. But scales can be much more flexible and interesting.
```

> By default, scales use the identity relationship&mdash;the input value maps to the output value. But scales can be much more flexible and interesting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, scales use the identity relationship. This means the input value maps to the output value. But scales can be much more flexible and interesting.
```

> By default, scales use the identity relationship. This means the input value maps to the output value. But scales can be much more flexible and interesting.
> Say a data set has values ranging from 50 to 480. This is the input information for a scale, also known as the <dfn>domain</dfn>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, scales use the identity relationship. This means the input value maps to the output value. However, scales can be much more flexible and interesting.
Say a dataset has values ranging from 50 to 480. This is the input information for a scale, also known as the <dfn>domain</dfn>.
```
